by an unlocked Intel fourth gen core i7
or Core i5 processor and get a free copy
of Rome 2 total war click now to learn
more welcome to my overview slash review
whatever you want to call it of what may
seem at first like the least exceptional
keyboard ever alright so it comes in a
box but that's pretty much you know par
for the course it's got like bubble wrap
and you can take it out there's no
there's no braided cable no wrist rest
no real accessories in the box
no detachable cable although they do
have this cool little feature where you
can route it around to one side if you
want and get it out of the way of your
your monitor or whatever else it has no
audio pass-through no USB hub and
basically just looks like the most
boring thing ever so which you might
reply okay line is find it even watching
this why did you even do this well the
answer is check out the link in the
video description labeled pricing and
availability and prepare to have your
eyes fall off ya or outward whatever
your eyes do when they fall yes this is
a mechanical keyboard that is actually
less expensive than many fully backlit
membrane keyboards and it comes with a
full backlight in this case blue so now
I'm not hating on it let's talk about
what's good about it first of all
they've done nothing stupid with the
layout nice standard 104 key layout
without any shortened shifts or back
spaces or anything like that the LED
backlights are actually pretty darn good
you only get 4 brightness levels so you
can go all the way down to nothing or
all the way up to well actually quite
bright the build quality is much better
than I was expecting
there is almost no flex to this bad boy
and I would not have pegged this for
such an inexpensive mechanical keyboard
if someone had just handed it to me and
asked me to tell them how much I thought
that it cost it has a Windows key
disable key which is sort of in a weird
location up at the top right but it has
one
it also has media keys that are handled
with a function you know secondary
functionality thing but it does support
play pause forward back stop a volume
down up and mute so it's got that
functionality onboard but other than
that not a whole lot depending on where
you
look I think on the box that says any
key rollover but actually on their site
it says six to eight key rollover so it
does support and not rollover that for
pretty much any gaming combination
you're going to not going to have any
difficulty and other than that what can
I say about it it's a better typing
experience it's very solidly built and
it comes in at a very appealing price
about a nice little organ ohmic you know
risers at the back here that actually
have rubber tips is it something you
don't see that often so it won't slide
whether you have it laying down flat on
the table or if you have it raised and
it's available with at least a three
different key switch types so they've
got browns reds and blues available
depending on where you look and so that
means it's inexpensive and there's lots
of variety just like audible.com
head over to audible.com slash Linus to
check out their monthly audiobook
membership you get a credit for a1
audiobook per month on the first one is
free we should have like little
streamers fall down audiobooks are great
for driving for listening to when you're
performing repetitive tasks or for
listening to while you fall asleep and
they've got all kinds of different
audiobooks but the one that Brendan
insists I feature is the wolf of Wall
Street by Jordan Belfort you can now
listen to an unabridged audiobook
version it will take about 20 hours but
that's not really that much time to
invest is it Wow terrible anyway
audible.com slash Linus to learn more
and to get your first one for free thank
you guys so much for watching like this
video if you liked it dislike it if you
disliked it leave a comment and let me
know mechanical keyboards at this price
point doesn't make sense we need to hear
what you think and as always guys don't
forget to subscribe to Linus tech tips
from our unboxings reviews and other
computer videos
you